Update to current Java requirements status (#1940)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/blog/2018/06/2018-06-17-running-jenkins-with-java10-11.adoc

So far we know about the following issues:

* Pipeline crashes immediately on Java 10 and 11 (link:https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/JENKINS-46602[JENKINS-46602])

> ** Workaround: _Pipeline: Support_ plugin should be updated to version 2.21-rc591.43d37d4d080a from the Incrementals repo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Workaround: _Pipeline: Support_ plugin should be updated to version 3.0-java11-alpha-1-rc684.d802f5d9aeed from the Incrementals repo
```
